kim nam solutions developed by high and
tract is an action stop where
will impersonate the evergreen agent 47
everything starts as always with a
contract sent to kill diana for
one of her close collaborators
within the agency for which
work our man will find himself with
a very special young girl dependent and
he must therefore be able to protect it
from the same agency immediately the game yes
presents much deeper than his
predecessors and maybe a good one despite
the purists of the saga could have
something against it
in this game the story is driving
all the character's actions though
in our opinion it seems to be a bit
too linear don't worry though
you'll still have plenty of ways to
kill your targets and you will be
encouraged to replay more levels
times as there are myriad 10
foment unlock for each type of
killing between changes more
relevant we can note the new one
disguise system that will result
one of the best ways to shoot for i
levels chasing for clues there
could be useful
in the elimination of our target
in particular we can point out that it is
much easier my findings also
when we are disguised another
very important change is that the nip
pan absolution we will not be able to choose i
our log out before the mission
on the contrary we will have available
only what we will find
within the levels themselves and that there
will lead to using a series of
very interesting taiz exchanges that
keep the passion alive and give the
possibility for players to live
always a different experience each time
playing a level
let's talk about multiplayer mode now
called and menchov geox with which
we will be able to create contracts to do
play other players with parameters
weapons and disguise targets chosen by
we
very interesting thing about this
mode is that to create a contract
we will have to complete it first
themselves going around the level
without being noticed we should mark
kill and fly use us for
make the contract valid if we do so
without the others being identified
players will have to do it exactly like
we did it
an interesting way to show off
our skills and see our friends
launch the controller out of the
window as they wonder how we got it
made to make that contract
in conclusion and menez solution in the
our title is a minimum
of graphic glitches but nothing of
awesome them too annoying the
extremely fun gameplay
very interesting places though
in the first hours of play tend to
repeating too much and it is
also difficult enough
normal difficulty
the second of the five available to give
hard wire even the most avid fans
of the series
a purchase recommended to everyone for those
love the votes
ours is 8.5